Why are you here? Of course I heard you are back
Came here specifically to see you
To this original family, have you forgotten me?
Not in the mood at first, infected
I sacrifice myself and cry, I don’t recognize anyone anymore
Drink skeletons with me. Someone is waiting for you.
You'll know when you go there
Do you appreciate it and can leave?
Appreciate Appreciate Appreciate my uncle Xiaoqian
With a few dollars, she broke into the bone house and got lucky.
She has been cultivating at home and she has been making money
Isn't that right? Are you back?
Just ask me to find you immediately
Xiaoqian, what news are you doing?
Is there anything unnecessary wrong?
Didn't protect the lady well
What happened?
Of course there is
Except for changes
I left with the lady
It's because it's safe
But who knows
Sure enough, three groups of people were killed
The lady is resentful
Can't move me
Zhongran raised me up for me
I can't resist either
In the end, loyalty was injured and the marriage died.
Wait until I wake up, miss
Already gone
Please think of a way, ma'am.
Is there anything involved in the war?
There is one thing I said that is correct
It should be the sick girl next to the woman